Or a quilt of rotten eggs
Evergreen, you have written it
This is Lin Mansion
I was also seen by the woman surnamed Lin
Isn't it embarrassing enough?
Don't mention that Lin guy to me
I'm not afraid of him
I see
You just want to watch what's in the bowl and eat what's in the pot
Don't want to touch me anymore
Evergreen, haven't you seen it yet?
He's an impostor.
Of course I know.
But how can we prove it?
Okay, wait until this is resolved.
This Lin Mansion is not ours yet
I have found a way
How?
The dusty warehouse of Lin Mansion
Re-sealed
I'm guessing what's most likely to go inside
Chiwa's remains
Just thought of a piece
However, the lock in that warehouse cannot be opened
Only get the key
I'll go along and invite him to dinner tonight
Jia Yi apologized to him
Use the warehouse again
I don't trust them.
And you keep thinking.
Force him to give up the key
To get a handle on him
What should I do then?